psh: add test-touch (#132)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-tests: psh/tools/README.md

* `assert_exec(pexpect_proc, prog, expected='', msg='')` - Same as `assert_cmd`, but input is selected appropriately for the current target platform (using sysexec or /bin/prog_name). So for example instead of using `assert_cmd('/bin/psh')` or `assert_cmd('sysexec psh')` use `assert_exec(prog='psh')`.

* `get_exit_code(pexpect_proc)` - Returns the exit code of previously sent command.

> * `assert_cmd_failed(pexpect_proc)` - Asserts that the exit code of previously sent command didn't equal 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `assert_cmd_failed(pexpect_proc)` - Asserts that the exit code of previously sent command is not equal 0.
```
